* Autistic Spectrum Disorder (ASD) refers to a group of developmental disorders that affect the nervous system. Some of the most common ASD symptoms include impairment, challenges in social interaction, and repetitive behaviour that affect communication. ASD has a significant impact on health care not only due to the number of ASD cases raising but also the time involved to diagnose ASD.
* Moving in line with the rise in machine learning to speed up the time to detect a disease using existing data, the goal is to construct a model that accurately predicts whether an individual has ASD or not in order to provide early intervention for those who has a high chance of having ASD later. Different models are used to compare the performance, including Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines (SVM), Naive Bayes, k-Nearest Neighbours (KNN), Artificial Neural Network(ANN), Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) over 3 datasets: Adult, Children, and Adolescent. 
* For the dataset, all datasets contains of 21 attributes; however, different instances. While adult dataset contains 704 instances, children dataset contains 292 instances, and adolescent dataset contains only 104 instances. 
* After pre-processing the data, applying the model, and evaluating, results strongly suggest the high results for Logistic Regression with the accuracy 98%, 100%, 90%, and neural network with accuracy 100%, 96% and 70% for Adult, Children, Adolescent dataset respectively.

* Reference paper: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1877050920308656